♪ ♪
♪ OH YEAH, I'LL TELL YOU
SOMETHING ♪
♪ I THINK YOU'LL UNDERSTAND ♪
♪ WHEN I'LL SAY THAT SOMETHING ♪
♪ I WANNA HOLD YOUR HAND ♪
♪ OH PLEASE, SAY TO ME ♪
♪ YOU'LL LET ME BE YOUR MAN ♪
♪ AND PLEASE, SAY TO ME ♪
♪ YOU'LL LET ME HOLD YOUR HAND ♪
♪ I'LL LET ME HOLD YOUR HAND ♪
♪ I WANNA HOLD YOUR HAND ♪
♪ AND WHEN I TOUCH YOU I
FEEL HAPPY ♪
♪ INSIDE ♪
♪ IT'S SUCH A FEELING THAT
MY LOVE ♪
♪ I CAN'T HIDE I CAN'T
HIDE I CAN'T HIDE ♪
♪ YEAH, YOU'VE GOT THAT
SOMETHING ♪
♪ I THINK YOU'LL UNDERSTAND ♪
♪ WHEN I'LL SAY THAT SOMETHING ♪
♪ I WANNA HOLD YOUR HAND ♪
♪ AND WHEN I TOUCH YOU
I FEEL HAPPY ♪
♪ INSIDE ♪
♪ IT'S SUCH A FEELING THAT
MY LOVE ♪
♪ I CAN'T HIDE I CAN'T
HIDE I CAN'T HIDE ♪
♪ YEAH, YOU'VE GOT THAT
SOMETHING ♪
♪ I THINK YOU'LL UNDERSTAND ♪
♪ WHEN I'LL FEEL THAT
SOMETHING ♪
♪ I WANNA HOLD YOUR HAND ♪